Collateral Home Page

Business Requirements:

Create a collateral home screen when launching the Collateral App NOT in the context of a customer. The home screen 
would be a landing page where the user could perform a search for the customer or loan they are looking for, and then 
load the collateral canvas once the customer/loan was identified and selected. The Home Page will also Further 
information on the search feature is located here: Customer Search Feature




Functional Requirements:

Must Have’s:

Create a Collateral Home Page that will display when opening the Collateral App NOT within the context of a customer, 
and no data loaded. (Assuming there is the ability to launch this way) 


The Home Page will have search functionality described previously here (Customer Search Feature) that will then 
allow user to search for a customer or loan and load it in the app.

Once a customer/loan is selected, data will be retrieved from appropriate databases and load the current collateral 
canvas view. 


The customers name will also be displayed in the upper left of the screen once loaded to indicate visually to the 
user what customer they are currently viewing.


NOTE: Please see the screenshot below of what the Home screen could look like after first loading and NOT in the 
context of a customer.





Once a Customer has been selected, there should be tabs at the top of the screen that will allow you to easily switch 
between different views. The tabs that will be available are:

Home Page: This tab will look like this image-20240618-202622.png 
(Or some version of a house). 

Opening this tab will load the Home Screen.





Collateral View: This tab will look like this image-20240618-204012.png 


Opening tab will load the Collateral Visualization Canvas of the customer currently selected. Collateral Visualization Canvas 





Collateral Analysis: This tab will look like this image-20240618-204715.png 


Opening this tab will load the Collateral Analysis screen that will contain all the detailed calculations for the 
customer currently selected. (Insert future confluence link here)








Users will have the ability to toggle between all the tabs when a customer has been selected and loaded.


When a tab is selected, the background of the tab will shift to a white background with black lettering to visually 
indicate to the user which tab is currently selected. 




Screenshots of old functionality: (NOTE: These screenshots are of the older version. The 
new functionality may look similar to this, but will not be exact. This is just for example 
only.)

Example of the Home Screen when NO customer has been selected after first launching the program:


image-20240726-194902.png
Example of the home screen with available tabs once a customer has been selected:

image-20240618-210759.png 


 

Basic overview of the tabs that are available and the name of the customer:


image-20240618-205804.png 



