Collateral Web of Liability Canvas Display

Business Requirements:

Create a web of liability algorithm that will recognize and aggregate all key relationships for a customer using their 
related loan structure or collateral ownership. This algorithm logic will help to accurately display all related collateral 
information on the Collateral Visualization Canvas in a picture view for all loans or collateral the customer is a part of. 
At a minimum, the web of liability display needs to aggregate all collateral information for a customer and accurately 
display it on the Collateral Visualization Canvas. This should allow the ACA user to easily be able to see ALL collateral 
structure in one place. The ACA user should not have to search and hunt around for the appropriate view or customer 
to find the loan and collateral they are looking for.




Functional Requirements:

Must Have’s:

The logic for bringing in and display loan and collateral structure should look to these main loan and collateral 
relationships:

Should display ALL loans the customer is the Primary Borrower on.


Should display ALL loans the customer is a Co-Borrower on.


Should Display ALL loans the customer is a Guarantor on.


Should display ALL loans where the customer is a Collateral Owner of a piece of collateral linked to a loan.





The liability algorithm will also recognize and organize loan to collateral relationships that are either “Crossed” or 
“Shared”.

Loans in a “Crossed” relationship have the below characteristics:

They share ALL the same collateral


Have the same lien position for each collateral


Have the same Abundance of Caution (AOC) designation for each collateral


Are not secured by any additional collateral





Loans in a “Shared” relationship have the below characteristics:

Share SOME, but not all the same collateral


May have separate security documents


May have different lien positions


May have different AOC designations 








Loan types should be grouped together on the collateral canvas for more logical and easy viewing for the user. 

ST (Short Term) loans are generally grouped together on the LEFT side of the collateral canvas.

ST loans are loans up to 5 years in length.





IT (Intermediate Term) loans are generally grouped together in the MIDDLE of the collateral canvas.

IT loans are 5 - 10 years in length.





LT (Long Term) loans are generally grouped together on the RIGHT side of the collateral canvas.

LT loans are 10-40> years in length.










NOTE: This logic is assuming we are going to be displaying the entire “Customer View” on the Collateral 
Visualization Canvas. This could change depending on future decisions on how to aggregate and display 
collateral information. 


Non-Functional Requirements:

TBD




Screenshots of old functionality: (NOTE: These screenshots are of the older version. The 
new functionality may look similar to this, but will not be exact. This is just for example 
only.)

This is a hypothetical web of liability view of a customer who is tied to multiple pieces of collateral, on several different 
loans via different borrowing structures and collateral ownership. The goal is just to show what a potential view would 
look like on a slightly more complex customer with many different relationships:

Crossed vs. Shared Collateral relationship:

image-20240530-172416.png

image-20240507-145702.png
This screenshot shows how loan types are grouped on the collateral canvas:

image-20240507-154211.png

 


