Data Wizards for data entry - Collateral Object

Business Requirements:

Create smart data wizards to help guide users when they are entering data on objects. These wizards will be used 
when a user is adding/editing new or existing objects to the collateral canvas. 
The end goal is that this will make entering data easier by providing a functional flow of entering data fields that 
makes sense to the user. This feature is basically a “smart walk through” indicating which fields of information are 
required to complete, and which fields are optional. It should be easy and straightforward for the user, and should NOT 
make things more difficult or confusing.




Functional Requirements:

Must Have’s:

Data wizards will open when a user selects to create a new object, or when editing an existing object. Objects that 
should have smart data wizards:

Collateral


Security Document (Covered in a separate BRD here (insert link))





The data wizard modal/screen will have different panels on the top left indicating key groups of information that are 
required for creation on an object. (NOTE: these will be different for each different object, and ACA specific as well).


Panel Colors and Fields Behavior:

Panels will be color coded to show which are required, which are optional, and what has been completed or is 
incomplete. If you click INTO a field on a required panel, you will then be forced to fill out all the required fields or 
exit the wizard. Even if the fields are not filled out immediately, the system will fire an error if a scenario is 
submitted without all the required fields completed. 


Data fields that are REQUIRED will be highlighted in RED. Panel colors descriptions are below:

Orange - Required (Incomplete)


Green - Required (Completed)


Black - Optional








Collateral Object Panel Names and Fields: (Configurable based on if the ACA or outside customer wants this 
ability)

Panel 1 - Collateral

Fields needed to save the object and display:

Collateral Type (display the collateral type selected and pulled onto the canvas e.g. Real Estate, Machinery & 
Equipment, Inventory, etal.)


Description (text field to label the collateral with a meaningful name to the end user)


Market Value (money)


NRV % (percent)





Other fields that can be entered and may be required

Non-FCS Prior Lien (Money)





Added fields when Collateral Type is Real Estate

MV Improvements (Money)


FEMA (checkbox)


Land in Transition (checkbox)








Panel 2 (for all Collateral) – Owners

Collateral Owner











Primary Owner (checkbox)


Percentage Owned





Panel 3 (for all Collateral ) - Appraisal Information

Assessed Method


Assessment Name


Appraiser


Assessment Date


Assessment Comments





Panel 4 (Real Estate Collateral Only) - Acres, Income, Debt

Acres


Income


Debt










NOTE: The above list is subject to change based on the FPI ACA or outside company using the Collateral App.

Navigating between tabs - There will be multiple ways for users to navigate between tabs:

User can click the “Next” button on the bottom right of the modal/screen and that will move them to the next 
numerical tab in the modal.


User can click the “Back” button on the bottom right of the modal/screen and that will move them to the previous 
numerical tab in the modal.


User can manually click on another tab to switch to it.


User can click the “Continue Later” button. This button will save existing information entered and exit out of the 
Data Wizard completely. (Ignores validation rules)


NOTE: If you click INTO a field on a required panel, you will then be forced to fill out all the required fields or exit 
the wizard. Even if the fields are not filled out immediately, the system will fire an error if a scenario is 
submitted without all the required fields completed. 





Saving Behavior 

A “Save” on the Data Wizard modal will will be triggered every time a user selects the “Next” OR “Back” button, 
AND if they manually click on another tab to navigate to.


A “Save” will also happen when a user clicks the “Continue Later” button. (This will save entered information and 
also completely exit the Data Wizard while ignoring validation rules.)





Validation Rules

Validation rules for required fields will run every time a “Save” is completed. (“Save” functionality is discussed in 
section 7 above). A “Save” will be anytime a user clicks the “Next”, “Back” or “Done” buttons, or manually clicks on 
another tab to navigate to.

This means that every time a user tries to move to another tab, a “Validation then Save” happens. If the 
required fields were not filled out, an error message will pop up saying “All required fields are not completed”.

Required fields are discussed above in section 5. All required fields should already be highlighted or have a 
red border around them when the user views a tab.


The red border/highlight around required fields will be removed once the user has successfully entered 
information.








NOTE: The “Done” button will run ALL validation rules for the entire Data Wizard tabs, not just the final tab’s fields. 





How to Exit the Data Wizard

User can navigate through all the available tabs and enter the required information. Upon completion of required 
fields in final tab, the user can click the “Done” button. If all required fields are filled out successfully, the Data 
Wizard will close.


After clicking the “Done” button, if validation does NOT pass for all the required fields, an error message will pop up 
saying “All required fields are not completed”. The user must complete the required highlighted fields and click the 
“Done” button again. If all validation rules are satisfied, the Data Wizard will close.








User can click the “Continue Later” button. This will save any field information already entered, and close out of the 
Data Wizard. 

As stated above, this function will Save any information entered, ignoring validation rules, and will completely 
exit the Data Wizard.










Non-Functional Requirements:

TBD




Screenshots of old functionality: (NOTE: These screenshots are of the older version. The 
new functionality may look similar to this, but will not be exact. This is just for example 
only.)

 

image-20240510-202027.png 


image-20240510-201844.png 



