Linking Objects

 Business Requirements:

There needs to be dotted lines displayed on the Collateral Visualization Canvas that visually shows which objects are 
linked together. These links will visually represent the Collateral Web of Liability Canvas for the customer or 
relationship the user is viewing.


Links between objects can be manually created by clicking a link icon and dragging it to another object, or by 
dragging a new object from the side navigation menu onto an existing object. (Restricted to linking rules)


Links between objects need to be editable (updated/deleted).




Functional Requirements:

Must Have’s (Basic Linking Functionality):

To link an object to another object, click on the image-20240529-200731.png 
link icon and drag it to the other object.


When user is dragging the link to an object, highlight valid choices with an outline around the objects that can be 
linked to.


What objects can be linked to each other:

Loan > Security Document and Collateral


Security Document > Loan and Collateral (UCC’s are on backlog list)


Collateral Object > Loan, Security Document, Collateral Detail and Customer


Collateral Detail > Collateral and (Customer??) (NOTE: This link will be created automatically based on underlying 
data and will not be user created)


Customer > Loan and (Collateral Detail??) (NOTE: This link will be created automatically based on underlying data 
and will not be user created)





There are invalid choices that users cannot link objects to. Trying to link to an invalid object will result in a image-20240529-200632.png 
sign 
letting the users know that they cannot link those two objects together.


Unperfected Collateral - Loans must be linked to a Security Document AND a piece of collateral. When a user links a 
loan directly to a piece of collateral without also linking to a security document, the line linking the two objects will 
appear as a red dotted line. (See screenshot below)




Must Have’s (Deleting Links): 

Users need to be able to delete a link between objects. To delete a link, users should click on the link to select it which 
will turn the black dotted line to a red line. Users will then right click on the red line/link and a pop-up menu will then 
appear allowing you to choose to “Delete” or “Update Relationship”. Users would select “Delete” and the link will 
disappear.

User can delete a line between Loan, Security Document, and Collateral.







Must Have’s (Updating Links Lien and AOC designation): 

Users should be able to update or delete the link relationship using the “Update Relationship” function. Users would 
follow steps in FR5 above and select the “Update Relationship” button. Once there, eligible relationship updates will 
be:
NOTE: Lien position is ONLY editable between the Security Document and Collateral Objects

Abundance of Caution (AOC) flag checkbox

If this is selected, a white icon with the designated “A” will be displayed on that link.





Lien Positions








Users have the ability to manually change the lien position on a link between the Collateral and Security 
Document object.


If a lien designation other than First Position is entered, such as 2nd, a white icon with the designation “2” will 
be displayed on that link. 


NOTE: The link between the Collateral object and Security Document object will always default to “First Lien” 
position as long as the Collateral is NOT tied to another existing Security Document object. If the Collateral is 
already being secured under a First Lien position, then the system will assume a Second Lien Position on this 
new Security Document. but the user can change that also.





Lien Position and Abundance of Caution designations can be combined. When this happens, a white circle will be 
displayed on that link such as “2A”, which stands for 2nd lien position AND Abundance of Caution.







Nice to Have’s:

Pinning an object to focus only on related items. Dotted lines will appear as solid lines connecting the linked objects.




Non-Functional Requirements:

TBD




Screenshots of old functionality: (NOTE: These screenshots are of the older version. The 
new functionality may look similar to this, but will not be exact. This is just for example 
only.)

Screenshot of a highlighted valid object when trying to link objects together:

image-20240529-212004.png
Screenshot of what it looks like trying to link objects that can’t be linked:

image-20240529-211748.png
Editing lien position and Abundance of Caution checkbox on “Update Relationship” screen:


image-20240529-210814.png
Deleting a link between objects. Note the “Red” line currently selected:

image-20240529-211239.png
Display indicators on links between Collateral and Security Document objects. This link indicates a 2nd lien position and 
AOC (Abundance of caution):

image-20240529-212535.png

This is what a loan link looks like that is incorrectly linked directly to a piece of collateral WITHOUT linking to a security 
document:

 

image-20240618-144421.png 



