Creating/Editing/Deleting Collateral Objects

Business Requirements:

Users need the ability to create, edit or delete a collateral object and link it to other objects in the collateral 
visualization canvas.


When a collateral object is created, certain key data points need to be collected and stored in a pop-up screen where 
users can enter this information.

The basic overview of this will be covered below, but a special function of capturing this data is covered further 
here: Data Wizards for data entry - Collateral Object 







Functional Requirements:

Must Have’s:

Create a drag and drop functionality to add new collateral object. The functionality should allow a user to grab a 
collateral object from the side navigation menu, and drop it onto the applicable object they would like to link it to. The 
collateral objects that can be created are:

Real Estate


Farm Product/Crops


Inventory/Accts Rec


Livestock


Machinery/Equipment


Motor Vehicles (cars, trucks)


Stocks/Bonds (Reg. U)


Stocks/Bonds (not Reg. U)


Other







NOTE: The above list of collateral objects is a baseline and is subject to change based on the association or outside 
company using the Collateral App.

Collateral Objects types are NOT editable by the ACA staff in any way. The standard list of Collateral Objects 
mentioned above and any of their configurations can only be edited/added/removed by specified Admin users.


Collateral objects can be linked to the other following objects:

Loans


Security Documents


Collateral Detail (NOTE: This link will be created automatically based on underlying data and will not be user 
created)


Customers/Owner (NOTE: This link will be created automatically based on underlying data and will not be user 
created)


Location?





The following data points need to be collected for each piece of collateral when it is created. This will be done with 
some sort of “Modal” or pop-up screen for users to enter information in. (NOTE: This is assuming we are only 
capturing basic information needed to create the collateral. All other collateral detail changes or 
additions would be done on the actual collateral record in AgWorx, or all in the creation modal/data 
wizard? This might include Lien Amounts, NRV, Appraisal information, etc.)

Real Estate:

Sub-Type = Real Estate


Relationship











Ownership Percentage


Primary owner checkbox


Collateral Association

Owner (Fee)


Leasehold Interest





Value/Amount


Collateral Amount


Address

Street Address


City


State


Zip Code





Description





Farm Product/Crops:

Sub-Type = Farm Products


Same as Real Estate





Inventory/Accts Rec:

Sub-Type = Inventory/Accts Rec


Same as Real Estate





Livestock:

Sub-Type = Livestock


Same as Real Estate





Machinery/Equipment:

Sub-Type = Machinery/Equipment


Same as Real Estate





Motor Vehicles (cars, trucks)

Sub-Type = Motor Vehicles


Same as Real Estate





Stocks/Bonds (Reg. U)

Sub-Type = Stocks/Bonds (Reg. U)


Same as Real Estate





Stocks/Bonds (not Reg. U)

Sub-Type = Stocks/Bonds (Reg. U)


Same as Real Estate





Other

Sub-Type = Other/Miscellaneous OR Water Rights


Same as Real Estate








Users need the ability to Edit an existing collateral object. 

They should be able to “Right-click” with their mouse on an existing collateral object and select an “Edit” option. 
This would bring the user back into the creation modal when they first created the object and allow them to make 
changes and then hit a “Save” button.





Users need to have the ability to delete a collateral item. 

Ability to “Right-click” with their mouse on an existing collateral object and select an “Delete” option. 


If User clicks on “Delete” and pop-up should appear asking user to confirm that they want to delete this item. 
(Would have a “Yes” or “Cancel” (No Thanks?) button options.


Once user clicks “Yes”, the collateral item would be deleted and would no longer appear on the collateral canvas.








NOTE: Once a user has clicked “Yes” to delete the collateral item, ALL links tied to that collateral item will also 
be removed.










Screenshots of old functionality: (NOTE: These screenshots are of the older version. The 
new functionality may look similar to this, but will not be exact. This is just for example 
only.)

Drag and drop functionality:

 

image-20240508-194936.png 



Screen mock-up of where data entry would be done when creating a new collateral object after dragging it and 
dropping it on another object on the collateral canvas:

image-20240508-194713.png 



